Introduction

All tutorial icons in this section are displayed after a delay if the player does not perform the action. This is used only as a hint.

The player character wakes up in an industrial facility as a result of the entire facility shaking. He is in an empty metal room. He pulls a syringe made of diamond out of his neck. This is added to the inventory. (Add Inventory > Diamond Syringe)

(Display Added to Inventory icon)

(Display tutorial Tab icon)

(Display tutorial A and D icons)

The entrance to the room is sealed. Approaching the entrance gives a message.

(Display tutorial E icon)

Interacting with the entrance gives a message.

(Display main message 'The entrance is sealed tightly.')

After interacting with the entrance, the facility shakes, with the sound of metal grinding. A large hole opens in the wall opposite the entrance. This is large enough for the player character to walk through normally.

Walking through the opening leads to a room with a raised platform, connected to the opposite wall.

(Display tutorial Space icon)

After jumping onto the platform, there is a door on the far wall. Interacting with the door opens it. Walking through leads to a room with a diamond sword. Interacting with the sword picks it up and adds it to the inventory. (Add Inventory > Blade > Diamond Sword)

After obtaining the diamond sword, the facility shakes again, this time with more intensity. Another hole opens in the opposite wall. Walking through the opening leads to a room with a single enemy oil bot. This is the first enemy encounter, and lets the player get used to basic combat.

(Display tutorial LMB icon)

The oil bot will die after a few hits. After defeating the oil bot, the facility shakes again, breaking a piece of the ceiling to use as a ramp to climb. Climbing leads to a room with the first puzzle, a simple orb on the other side of the room.

(Display tutorial RMB icon)

Firing a projectile will fill the orb halfway, requiring two projectiles to activate. Activating the orb will unlock a door on the opposite wall, indicated with a red light for locked, and a green light for unlocked. Interacting with locked doors gives a sound.

(Play Door Locked sound)

Interacting with the door after it is unlocked will open it.

The next room has a wall separating it in the middle. There is a window in the wall. The window is too small to jump through. On the other side, a badly damaged oil bot is holding a switch, keeping the wall in place. The oil bot is making a robotic laughing sound. Firing a single energy projectile through the window is enough to kill the oil bot. This releases the switch, raising the wall. There is a door on the other side.

The door leads to a room with another oil bot, protected by a shield. Firing an energy projectile is not enough to break the shield, and when approaching the oil bot, it fires a pulse that pushes the player character back.

(Display tutorial Hold RMB icon)

The first charge level is enough to break the shield. The oil bot will attack. After defeating it, the facility will shake again, opening a hole in the opposite wall. This time, The hole does not lead to a room, but reveals a locked door. There is an orb on the ceiling, which is revealed by the ceiling crumbling slightly after the player interacts with the door. This orb requires three energy projectiles to activate.

(Display tutorial W icon)

Activating the orb unlocks the door. Going through the door leads to a narrow passage. On the ceiling, there is a square panel switch. This is close enough to hit with the blade.

Hitting the switch opens a door on the opposite side of the passage. Going through the door leads to a room with a collapsed passage on the opposite side. This is too small to fit through normally.

(Display tutorial S icon)

While walking through the passage, the facility starts to shake violently, and crawlers start attacking from the holes in the floor.

Attacking while crouched attacks downwards.

Emerging from the passage leads to a room with sunlight shining through a hatch at the top of a large staircase. The facility is shaking violently, and the sound of metal crushing is intense. While climbing the stairs, the facility begins collapsing rapidly behind the player character.

Interacting with the hatch activates a cutscene.
